c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication9.exe.config
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication9.exe
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\WindowsFormsApplication9.pdb
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\ANX.Framework.Content.Pipeline.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\ANX.Framework.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\ANX.RenderSystem.GL3.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\ANX.RenderSystem.Windows.DX10.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\InputManagement.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\Krypton.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D10.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\ANX.Framework.Content.Pipeline.pdb
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\ANX.RenderSystem.GL3.pdb
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\ANX.RenderSystem.Windows.DX10.pdb
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D10.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Release\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication9.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Release\sender.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication9.exe
c:\users\alexey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Release\WindowsFormsApplication9.pdb
